Update contributing guide (#2382)
unitaryfund/mitiq: CONTRIBUTING.md

```

### Updating the documentation

> Follow these [instructions for contributing to the documentation](contributing_docs.md) which include guidelines about updating the API-doc list of modules and adding tutorial examples and updating the user guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these [instructions for contributing to the documentation](contributing_docs.md) which include guidelines about updating the API-doc, adding examples, and updating the user guide.
```

- [Implementation RFC for Mitiq calibration](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EZUJyEEUQUH33UOgSIzCCvXyxP0WLOQn11W0x4Ox4nY/edit) by Andrea Mari (@andreamari) Nov 2, 2022
- [Calibration tools for error mitigation RFC (abstract general solutions)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1otUHnTlyNS-0rxGAxltHLF1iD5C9qT9oEZ3jn8VHWgw/edit) by Andrea Mari (@andreamari) Oct 6, 2022
- [Identity insertion scaling RFC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hbd9frjYiSy0WujA0iCccc-oMO4Q-kZc2G4b3lkJHdk/edit) by Purva Thakre (@purva-thakre) Jun 29, 2022
- [Readout Confusion Inversion RFC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1buO5PrO5sS02VXjcaYf37RuR0rF6xpyr4J9H1tI4vN4/edit) by Amir Ebrahimi (@amirebrahimi) Jun 16, 2022
- [Documentation reorganization RFC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13un5TZPknSOhmOBkrL2rsofjGfdp2jDnd-DywLpGFPc/edit) by Ryan LaRose (@rmlarose) Dec 1, 2021
- [Learning-based PEC RFC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VItesy6R5SlUa_YXW1km7IjFZ8kzyFeHUepHak1fEh4/edit) by Misty Wahl (@Misty-W) Oct 25, 2021
- [Digital dynamical decoupling RFC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cRwFCTn6kUjI1P0kNydtevxIYtE4r8Omd_iWK0Pe8qo/edit) by Aaron Robertson (@Aaron-Robertson) Jan 28, 2021

> ### Checklist for adding an approved feature

Reviewer: This seems like guidance for a QEM technique, rather than "just" a feature.

After your RFC is accepted, the proposed feature (for example, a new QEM Method) will require the following:

- Add the new QEM method to `mitiq/abbreviated_name_of_qem_method` such that the corresponding units tests are in `mitiq/abbreviated_name_of_qem_method/tests`
- The code must follow the formatting and style guidelines discussed previously.
- The new module has to be added to the [API-doc](https://mitiq.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing_docs.html#automatically-add-information-from-the-api-docs)
- If you are adding a new QEM method, see the [instructions for User's Guide](https://mitiq.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing_docs.html#adding-files-to-the-user-guide)
- In addition, update the [Glossary](https://mitiq.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guide/glossary.html) with a one-line summary of what your new feature accomplishes.
- Update `README.md` with information related to your new feature. 

> If you are adding a new tutorial to the [documentation examples](https://mitiq.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contributing_docs.html#updating-the-documentation),
> - add the file as a `.md` file in `docs/source/examples`. A template is available at `docs/source/examples/template.md`
> - add your tutorial in `docs/source/examples/examples.md` such that it shows up in a docs build 
> - add a thumbnail image as `docs/source/_thumbnails/your_image.png` and list it in the `nbsphinx_thumbnails` block of `docs/source/conf.py`

Reviewer: I think this info might find a better home in the [`CONTRIBUTING_DOCS.md`](https://github.com/unitaryfund/mitiq/blob/a0054fca080955598043c3b2c072799302cf0960/docs/CONTRIBUTING_DOCS.md) file? WDYT?

```suggestion
If you are adding a new tutorial, ensure to follow the [requisite documentation](CONTRIBUTING_DOCS.md#section-about-adding-new-examples)
```

- [Identity insertion scaling RFC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hbd9frjYiSy0WujA0iCccc-oMO4Q-kZc2G4b3lkJHdk/edit) by Purva Thakre (@purva-thakre) Jun 29, 2022
- [Readout Confusion Inversion RFC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1buO5PrO5sS02VXjcaYf37RuR0rF6xpyr4J9H1tI4vN4/edit) by Amir Ebrahimi (@amirebrahimi) Jun 16, 2022
- [Documentation reorganization RFC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13un5TZPknSOhmOBkrL2rsofjGfdp2jDnd-DywLpGFPc/edit) by Ryan LaRose (@rmlarose) Dec 1, 2021
- [Learning-based PEC RFC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VItesy6R5SlUa_YXW1km7IjFZ8kzyFeHUepHak1fEh4/edit) by Misty Wahl (@Misty-W) Oct 25, 2021
- [Digital dynamical decoupling RFC](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cRwFCTn6kUjI1P0kNydtevxIYtE4r8Omd_iWK0Pe8qo/edit) by Aaron Robertson (@Aaron-Robertson) Jan 28, 2021

### Checklist for adding an approved QEM Technique

After your RFC is accepted, the proposed feature (for example, a new QEM Method) will require the following:

- Add the new QEM method to `mitiq/abbreviated_name_of_qem_method` such that the corresponding units tests are in `mitiq/abbreviated_name_of_qem_method/tests`

> - The code must follow the formatting and style guidelines discussed [ppreviously](#style-guidelines),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The code must follow the formatting and style guidelines discussed [above](#style-guidelines),
```

> - The new module has to be added to the [](apidoc.md). For more information, see [](contributing_docs.md#automatically-add-information-from-the-api-docs),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The new module should be added to the [](apidoc.md) using the instructions found in [](contributing_docs.md#automatically-add-information-from-the-api-docs),
```

- Add documentation for the new QEM method, additional details are available in [](contributing_docs.md#adding-files-to-the-user-guide),

> - In addition, update `docs/source/guide/glossary.md` with a one-line summary of what your new feature accomplishes, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `docs/source/guide/glossary.md` with a one-line summary of what your new feature accomplishes, and
```

> - Update [](./readme.md#quick-tour) section of `README.md` with information related to your new feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the [](./readme.md#quick-tour) section of the `README.md` with information related to your new technique.
```

## Code of conduct

> Mitiq development abides to the [](./code_of_conduct.md#contributor-covenant-code-of-conduct).

Reviewer: Unnecessary since the anchor is the title.
```suggestion
Mitiq development abides to the [](./code_of_conduct.md).
```

Author: This was not working when I was checking the changes locally. The link was dead. 

I had to make sure the main heading was specified after `.md`.

Reviewer: What error are you seeing? I just tried locally and it's working!

Author: No error. The line appears as non-clickable as if we sandwiched the path of the md file in backticks. 

If it works for you, I could give it a try and check it in the RTD build.

Reviewer: Looks good to me (same as what I see locally): https://mitiq--2382.org.readthedocs.build/en/2382/contributing.html#code-of-conduct

All releases for Mitiq are tagged on the `main` branch with tags for the version number of the release.
Find all the previous releases [here](https://github.com/unitaryfund/mitiq/releases).

## Code of conduct

> Mitiq development abides to the [Contributors' Covenant](https://mitiq.readthedocs.io/en/latest/code_of_conduct.html).

Reviewer: Didn't realize we had this duplicated! Good job finding it.
